README.md, before:

# Tic Tac Toe
[Tic Tac Toe game](https://szmazhr.github.io/tic-tac-toe/) that can be played in browser, either against someone or computer!

## Learning Outcomes Summary
- Got to know the common bugs we may run into using constructor
- Factory method that returns an object
- Closures and scope
- Private functions and variables
- Inheritance in object using factory pattern
- Module pattern
- IIFE (Immediately Invoked Function Expression)
- NameSpacing

## About the Project
It is a JavaScript project that I created to practice the web development and the project is assign by [TheOdinProject](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-tic-tac-toe). It is a game that can be played in browser either against someone or computer or computer vs computer (LOL). Computer can be set to be easy or hard. In easy mode, computer will make a random move. In hard mode, computer will make a move that will win the game, believe me you can't win in the hard mode.

In the start page there is an input field for name of the player (if nothing entered it will fallback to default name i.e. `Player 1` and/or `Player 2`) and a checkbox, if the player is computer or not. If the player is computer, there will be a field for selecting difficulty. This process will repeat for other player after clicking the Save & Next button, then on clicking the Save & Play button game will start. I tried to make the game little bit nicer by using the some transition, I hope you would like it.

## Other Links
see my other projects [here](https://github.com/szmazhr?tab=repositories, "Shahzar Mazhar's GitHub").

Commit message:

Updated README.md Added: TheOdinProjects main page Link Added: Project's Page Link Added: Preview Link Added: Preview ScreenShot

README.md, after:

# Tic Tac Toe
Project [Tic Tac Toe](https://theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-tic-tac-toe) a game that can be played in browser, either against someone or computer! another project from [TheOdinProject](https://theodinproject.com).

## Learning Outcomes Summary
- Got to know the common bugs we may run into using constructor
- Factory method that returns an object
- Closures and scope
- Private functions and variables
- Inheritance in object using factory pattern
- Module pattern
- IIFE (Immediately Invoked Function Expression)
- NameSpacing

## About the Project
It is a JavaScript project that I created to practice the web development and the project is assign by [TheOdinProject](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-tic-tac-toe). It is a game that can be played in browser either against someone or computer or computer vs computer (LOL). Computer can be set to be easy or hard. In easy mode, computer will make a random move. In hard mode, computer will make a move that will win the game, believe me you can't win in the hard mode.

In the start page there is an input field for name of the player (if nothing entered it will fallback to default name i.e. `Player 1` and/or `Player 2`) and a checkbox, if the player is computer or not. If the player is computer, there will be a field for selecting difficulty. This process will repeat for other player after clicking the Save & Next button, then on clicking the Save & Play button game will start. I tried to make the game little bit nicer by using the some transition, I hope you would like it.

## Preview
**Live:** https://szmazhr.github.io/tic-tac-toe

![Tic Tac Toe](./tic-tac-toe.png 'Tic Tac Toe | by Shahzar Mazhar')

## Note
The outcomes listed above are not necessarily used in the project. They are just a summary of what I learned, through TheOdinProject's Curriculum, between previous projects and the current one.

## Other Links
see my other projects [here](https://github.com/szmazhr?tab=repositories, "Shahzar Mazhar's GitHub").
